fix(emulate media): document "no-preference" as deprecated (#32881)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-page.md

* langs: js, java
- `colorScheme` <null|[ColorScheme]<"light"|"dark"|"no-preference">>

> Emulates `'prefers-colors-scheme'` media feature, supported values are `'light'` and `'dark'`. Passing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emulates [prefers-colors-scheme](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme) media feature, supported values are `'light'` and `'dark'`. Passing
```

`null` disables color scheme emulation. `'no-preference'` is deprecated.

### option: Page.emulateMedia.colorScheme
* since: v1.9
* langs: csharp, python
- `colorScheme` <[ColorScheme]<"light"|"dark"|"no-preference"|"null">>

> Emulates `'prefers-colors-scheme'` media feature, supported values are `'light'` and `'dark'`. Passing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emulates [prefers-colors-scheme](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme) media feature, supported values are `'light'` and `'dark'`. Passing
```
